UNITED NATIONS
Address: UK 3 Whitehall Court , London, SW1A 2EL
England. United Kingdom

From The Office of Dr. Jon Sparkes,
The Director Payment Verification / Clearance  Dept.
United Nations Office  UNICEF  London , England, UK.

Dear Sir,
I hope that this correspondence is received with the urgency and expediency required.
Therefore get back to me urgently with all the required Information to enable me confide you to Mr. Kennedy Uzorka, The Chief Executive Officer of  United Bank for Africa  who will pay your Funds  through Bank to Bank Swift Transfer  or Through ATM VISA CARD without any further delay.

Because It has  come to the notice of the United Nations here in London that your present Inheritance/Contract Claims being handled by the Remitting Banks in Africa is experiencing some man made irregularities. To this effect, it has become necessary for the United Nations in London here to resolve and regularize your fund release with immediate effect.

We  have been duly consulted and fully informed about how the staff of the remitting banks have been taking advantage of you by telling you to pay exorbitant charges which will only make your fund payment a long drawn out process.

Due to this development, we have been assigned to step into the immediate processing of your fund transfer to enable your funds to be transferred to you within the shortest possible time. To implement this, you are to get back to us immediately without needing to pay all the huge sums of money that are being demanded from you by the previous handlers at the remitting bank. All processes to have your funds paid to you immediately through our Liaison Remittance Office with the United Bank for Africa, have been initiated to cut out unnecessary costs.

You are advised to treat this communication with the urgency and seriousness required as the UN has mandated The United Bank for Africa  to resolve this fund payment independent of the office of the Remitting Bank in Africa, Furthermore, you are hereby advised to pay no further fees or charges to other Remitting Banks in Africa as they shall no longer be handling your payment process. Only The  CEO CFC of UBA, Mr.  KENNEDY UZOKA IS AUTHORISED TO PAY YOU. AND ONLY THROUGH HIM YOU WILL PAY ANY REQUIRED CHARGES.

We shall await your immediate correspondence re-confirming all your information so that we may Finalize your Payment Process without any further delay or you can Contact The Chief Executive Officer  UBA Mr Kennedy Uzoka

Below is his contact Information

Mr. Kennedy Uzoka ( CEO )
United Bank for Africa Group  Nig. Plc
Address: 57 Marina Lagos Nigeria
Tel: +2348036050025
Private Email:  unitedbankforafricauba22@gmail.com

Please call him or Contact him through Email.

Also  be advised that it is the responsibility of the beneficiaries to pay for the processing and administrative fees of $250.00 ( Two  Hundred and Fifty United States Dollars )

Also Reconform to Mr. Kennedy your  Full  Name and  Company Name , office  or residential address, Age, Occupation, direct cell phone number  Bank Name and address, Bank Account Number, Swift Code and Routing Number
And Finally Attach a copy of your Valid ID for Proper Identification.

Congratulations for being selected .

Yours Sincerely,

Dr. Jon Sparkes
The Director Payment Verification / Clearance  Dept.
UNICEF UK